Docs runtime image override (#13895)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/05-technical-reference/svls-08-function-specification.md

You can use the `/metrics` endpoint to return the Function metrics. All the information is gathered using Prometheus and can be displayed using the Grafana dashboard (see [Kyma observability](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/02-get-started/05-observability/) for more information on how to use Grafana dashboard in Kyma). As this endpoint is provided by Kubeless, it cannot be customized.  
For more information, see [Kubeless monitoring](https://github.com/vmware-archive/kubeless/blob/master/docs/monitoring.md) and [Kubeless runtime variants](https://github.com/vmware-archive/kubeless/blob/master/docs/runtimes.md) pages.

## Override runtime image

> You can use custom runtime image to override the existing one. Your image must meet all the following requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a custom runtime image to override the existing one. Your image must meet all the following requirements:
```

- Expose the workload endpoint on the right port
- Provide liveness and readiness check endpoints at `/healthz`
- Fetch sources from the path under the `KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME` environment

> - Security support. Our runtimes are secure by default but you need to take care of your images on your own

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Security support. Kyma runtimes are secure by default. You only need to protect your images.
```

> Note: For better understanding you can look at [main dockerfiles](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/main/resources/serverless/templates/runtimes.yaml) which are responsible for building the final image based on the `base_image` argument which you as an user can override and what we are doing in [this tutorial](../03-tutorials/00-serverless/svls-13-override-runtime-image).

> Every Function's Pods container have the same system environments which helps you configure the Functions server. For more information, read the [Environment variables] page(../05-technical-reference/00-configuration-parameters/svls-02-environment-variables.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Function's Pods container have the same system environments which helps you configure the Functions server. For more information, read the [Environment variables](../05-technical-reference/00-configuration-parameters/svls-02-environment-variables.md) page.
```
